[Music]
in Rajasthan the temple langurs have
taken spy monkey into the heart of the
family but some are keen to take the
budding relationship to the next level
and are getting a little too familiar
one seems to want to babysit her but
disaster strikes an injured baby is a
cause for concern and this langa seems
to believe she's died
then something extraordinary happened
the monkeys gather round the motionless
spy creature as if it is a real baby
[Music]
they react just as they do when their
own babies die
[Music]
a common contemplatively descends on the
colony there's a sense of grief as well
as empathy for one another quite
accidentally our spy creature is at the
center of something extraordinary
capturing emotions that have really been
observed
Boulder County was first used in a film
that spied on lions now it finds a new
generation to entertain as always the
Lions first reaction is curiosity these
cats are more inquisitive than most one
cub has taken to it in a big way
Ola cam doubles up as a baby walker
[Music]
spy tortoise is also being deployed but
these are highly perceptive animals and
something's not quite right this
five-year-old checks what the others are
thinking they seem equally baffled but
with his curiosity piqued he simply
can't stay away as his interest grows so
does the strength of his feelings he
just has to have spy tortoise all to
himself he hides with it in his leafy
daybed where he normally take a nap but
it's too excited to sleep
he's torn between using it as a pillow
and giving it a cuddle it's somewhere
between a toy and a pet it's definitely
not for sharing the courting meal is yet
to prove he's up for the job
[Music]
but the female doesn't like being
ignored she tries to reignite his
passion
[Music]
he sadly interested she's falling
head-over-heels for him
[Music]
he's now totally captivated but still
she gives him the runaround
for in courtship there are always
casualties blizzardcam is at the mercy
of some very curious bears they could be
about to film its own destruction
[Music]
but again a bear assists in the filming
of its life story seal it with a kiss
the couple's whirlwind romance will last
three weeks
[Music]
this is spy puffer based on a fish that
blows itself into a defensive puff ball
the spy creatures are here to film these
teenage taro e's spied puff our faces a
bumpy ride
bus stops are common
it's easy to get caught in the middle
young males are so unruly the females
kick them out of the family poured
[Music]
this isn't spy puffer it's a real
pufferfish
the poor creature gets the same rough
treatment perfect for a game of catch
[Applause]
but the dolphins are dicing with death
puffer fish are one of the most
poisonous fish in the ocean they exude a
powerful now of poison called
tetrodotoxin
it only takes a small amount to kill a
human even so the Dolphins often look
for puffer fish and love to chew on
deikun in small doses the secretions
seem to have a narcotic effect
[Music]
the Dolphins are careful not to swallow
them instead they hold them gently in
their mouths
despite the risks passing the puffer has
become a popular dolphin pastime
[Music]